Dan Brown (born June 22, 1964) is an American author of thriller fiction who is best known for the 2003 bestselling novel, The Da Vinci Code. Brown's novels are treasure hunts set in a 24-hour period, and feature the recurring themes of cryptography, keys, symbols, codes, and conspiracy theories. His books have been translated into 52 languages, and as of 2012, sold over 200 million copies. Two of them, The Da Vinci Code and Angels & Demons, have been adapted into films. Brown's novels that feature the lead character Robert Langdon also include historical themes and Christianity as motifs, and as a result, have generated controversy. Brown states on his website that his books are not anti-Christian, though he is on a 'constant spiritual journey' himself, and says that his book The Da Vinci Code is simply "an entertaining story that promotes spiritual discussion and debate" and suggests that the book may be used "as a positive catalyst for introspection and exploration of our faith." He is currently the twentieth highest selling author of all time and with only six books, he has achieved these sales writing fewer books than anyone above him on the list. The Robert Langdon series is currently the seventh highest selling series of all time.

Reverse Plain Text:
Nad Nworb (nrob Enuj 22, 4691) si na Nacirema rohtua fo rellirht noitcif ohw si tseb nwonk rof eht 3002 gnillestseb levon, Eht Ad Icniv Edoc. Snwor'b slevon era erusaert stnuh tes ni a 42-ruoh doirep, dna erutaef eht gnirrucer semeht fo yhpargotpyrc, syek, slobmys, sedoc, dna ycaripsnoc seiroeht. Sih skoob evah neeb detalsnart otni 25 segaugnal, dna sa fo 2102, dlos revo 002 noillim seipoc. Owt fo meht, Eht Ad Icniv Edoc dna Slegna & Snomed, evah neeb detpada otni smlif. Snwor'b slevon taht erutaef eht dael retcarahc Trebor Nodgnal osla edulcni lacirotsih semeht dna Ytinaitsirhc sa sfitom, dna sa a tluser, evah detareneg ysrevortnoc. Nworb setats no sih etisbew taht sih skoob era ton itna-Naitsirhc, hguoht eh si no a 'tnatsnoc lautirips yenruoj' flesmih, dna syas taht sih koob Eht Ad Icniv Edoc si ylpmis "na gniniatretne yrots taht setomorp lautirips noissucsid dna etabed" dna stseggus taht eht koob yam eb desu "sa a evitisop tsylatac rof noitcepsortni dna noitarolpxe fo ruo htiaf." Eh si yltnerruc eht hteitnewt tsehgih gnilles rohtua fo lla emit dna htiw ylno xis skoob, eh sah deveihca eseht selas gnitirw rewef skoob naht enoyna evoba mih no eht tsil. Eht Trebor Nodgnal seires si yltnerruc eht htneves tsehgih gnilles seires fo lla emit.